README.md, before:

# Links
- [GitHub](https://github.com/tarawhiteley/project_final3_whiteley_tara)
- [Web Host](http://www.tarawhiteley.com/jackrabbitslims)
- [W3C Validator]()
- [HTML5 Outliner]()

## Resources

- [jQuery 1/Parallax](https://github.com/pixelcog/parallax.js/) - My first jQuery plugin adds parallax scrolling to the site. My background images made it hard to see the text so I used this plugin to add interest while using simple gray backgrounds for the text sections.
- [jQuery 2/Responsive tabs](https://github.com/jellekralt/Responsive-Tabs) - My second jQuery plugin adds a responsive tab (small screen)/accordion (larger screen) functionality to the menu section. I felt this was necessary because the menu section was so long.
- [jQuery 3/Image Gallery](https://codepen.io/thebabydino/pen/zvaGb) - This adds a basic image gallery from Codepen for my RSVP section. This jQuery features photos of the cars that are available for reservations for dinner.
- [Custom JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/classList) - I added custom JavaScript that listens for a click on the "RSVP" button below the image gallery. Once clicked, it adds a new element that is a form for reservations. This form, when complete, will send an email to me in its current set-up. I used the Mozilla site for assistance, along with videos from class.
- [Custom jQuery](https://ufl.instructure.com/courses/330762/pages/jquery-events-and-effects?module_item_id=6205801) - My custom jQuery for this project is the more/less buttons in the menu item descriptions. With the help of rewatching our lecture, I was able to use 'this' to toggle between showing or hiding (default) the description and price of each menu item. I also used the slideDown/slideUp effect and added/removed a class to the entire article.
- [Responsive Nav Bar](http://codepen.io/Johnm__/pen/OMqMmN) - I added a hamburger menu for small screen viewing. I had to adjust the hamburger icon positioning, which was interesting to investigate how to fix. I will use media queries to use a full nav bar on a larger screen. I learned more about [keycodes here](http://keycode.info/) and [onkeyup here](http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onkeyup.asp) which helped in my explanation of what this CodePen JavaScript code actually accomplished, as you required in exchange for allowing me to use this code.
- [Smooth Scroll](http://www.dwuser.com/education/content/quick-guide-adding-smooth-scrolling-to-your-webpages/) - I used this for my last project, so I realize it will not count for my jQuery requirement, but I prefer my sites to have a Smooth Scroll feature.
- [Quentin Tarantino Wiki](http://wiki.tarantino.info/index.php/Jackrabbit_Slim%27s_Menu) - This site provided information about the menu for Jack Rabbit Slim's restaurant in the movie Pulp Fiction.
- [Filming Locations Website](http://www.iamnotastalker.com/2011/03/10/jack-rabbit-slims-restaurant-from-pulp-fiction/) - This site provided me with the actual address of the building used as the exterior of Jack Rabbit Slim's restaurant. I used that address for the address of my restaurant on my website.
- [Fifties Slang](http://fiftiesweb.com/pop/1950s-slang/) - This site helped me research 50's era slang for use in my website, since the restaurant incorporates a 1950's theme.
- [Google Images](https://images.google.com/) - I also used Google Images for the images on my website.

### Deductions
- I reviewed the list of deductions for this project and in the syllabus.

#### Comments
-

Commit message:

update with minor design/file changes

README.md, after:

# Links
- [GitHub](https://github.com/tarawhiteley/project_final3_whiteley_tara)
- [Web Host](http://www.tarawhiteley.com/jackrabbitslims)
- [W3C Validator]()
- [HTML5 Outliner]()

## Resources

- [jQuery 1/Parallax](https://github.com/pixelcog/parallax.js/) - My first jQuery plugin adds parallax scrolling to the site. My background images made it hard to see the text so I used this plugin to add interest while using simple gray backgrounds for the text sections. At first, this was not working on mobile, but after reviewing the github issues section, I was able to determine this was because my file names had spaces in them. Once the space was removed, the parallax worked on mobile.
- [jQuery 2/Responsive tabs](https://github.com/jellekralt/Responsive-Tabs) - My second jQuery plugin adds a responsive tab (small screen)/accordion (larger screen) functionality to the menu section. I felt this was necessary because the menu section was so long.
- [jQuery 3/Image Gallery](https://codepen.io/thebabydino/pen/zvaGb) - This adds a basic image gallery from Codepen for my RSVP section. This jQuery features photos of the cars that are available for reservations for dinner.
- [Custom JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/classList) - I added custom JavaScript that listens for a click on the "RSVP" button below the image gallery. Once clicked, it adds a new element that is a form for reservations. This form, when complete, will send an email to me in its current set-up. I used the Mozilla site for assistance, along with videos from class.
- [Custom jQuery](https://ufl.instructure.com/courses/330762/pages/jquery-events-and-effects?module_item_id=6205801) - My custom jQuery for this project is the more/less buttons in the menu item descriptions. With the help of rewatching our lecture, I was able to use 'this' to toggle between showing or hiding (default) the description and price of each menu item. I also used the slideDown/slideUp effect and added/removed a class to the entire article.
- [Responsive Nav Bar](http://codepen.io/Johnm__/pen/OMqMmN) - I added a hamburger menu for small screen viewing. I had to adjust the hamburger icon positioning, which was interesting to investigate how to fix. I will use media queries to use a full nav bar on a larger screen. I learned more about [keycodes here](http://keycode.info/) and [onkeyup here](http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/event_onkeyup.asp) which helped in my explanation of what this CodePen JavaScript code actually accomplished, as you required in exchange for allowing me to use this code.
- [Smooth Scroll](http://www.dwuser.com/education/content/quick-guide-adding-smooth-scrolling-to-your-webpages/) - I used this for my last project, so I realize it will not count for my jQuery requirement, but I prefer my sites to have a Smooth Scroll feature.
- [Quentin Tarantino Wiki](http://wiki.tarantino.info/index.php/Jackrabbit_Slim%27s_Menu) - This site provided information about the menu for Jack Rabbit Slim's restaurant in the movie Pulp Fiction.
- [Filming Locations Website](http://www.iamnotastalker.com/2011/03/10/jack-rabbit-slims-restaurant-from-pulp-fiction/) - This site provided me with the actual address of the building used as the exterior of Jack Rabbit Slim's restaurant. I used that address for the address of my restaurant on my website.
- [Fifties Slang](http://fiftiesweb.com/pop/1950s-slang/) - This site helped me research 50's era slang for use in my website, since the restaurant incorporates a 1950's theme.
- [Google Images](https://images.google.com/) - I also used Google Images for the images on my website.

### Deductions
- I reviewed the list of deductions for this project and in the syllabus.

#### Comments
-
